Last updated: [2023 July 13]
Welcome to BytePlus VideoOne. Your access and use of BytePlus VideoOne and related services, applications, websites, products and content (collectively, the “**Services**”) provided by BytePlus Pte. Ltd. ("**BytePlus**", "**we**", "**us**", "**our**"), or any videos, audios, information, texts, graphics, photos, or other materials or arrangements of materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “**Content**”) are governed by these Terms of Service and our [Privacy Policy](https://docs.byteplus.com/legal/docs/privacy-policy) (as further set out at Clause 10 below) ("**Terms**"). By accessing and using the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree, please do not use the services.
### Capacity
By accessing or using the Services, you represent that you are over 18 or the applicable age of majority in your jurisdiction, and that you are capable of lawfully entering into these Terms and performing all obligations hereunder. If you are below 18 years old or the applicable age of majority in your jurisdiction, you confirm that your parent or legal guardian consents to your access to or use of the Services (if such consent is required by law in your jurisdiction), has reviewed and discussed these Terms with you, and consents to you entering into these Terms.
If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, then (a) “you” and “your” in these Terms includes you and that legal entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of such legal entity with the authority to bind such legal entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on such legal entity's behalf, and (c) such legal entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others, regardless of whether or not they are affiliated with such legal entity.
### Changes to the Terms
We may amend these Terms from time to time, for instance when we update the functionality of our Services, or when there are regulatory changes. Your continued access to or use of the Services after the effective date of the amended Terms constitutes your acceptance of the amended Terms. If you do not agree to any amended Terms, you must stop accessing and using the Services.
### Proprietary Rights of BytePlus
The Services are owned and operated by BytePlus. Unless otherwise explicitly specified by us, all rights (including intellectual property rights), titles and interests in and to the Services and materials that are included in or otherwise a part of the Services, including the past, present, and future versions, domain names, source and object code, the text, site design, logos, graphics and icons (collectively, "**BytePlus Content**"), are owned, controlled, or licensed by us. BytePlus Content is protected from unauthorized use, copying and dissemination by copyright, trademark, patent, and other laws, rules, regulations and treaties. Any unauthorized use of BytePlus Content is prohibited. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on the Services may violate copyright, trademark, patent, and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, and treaties, and could result in criminal or civil liability.
### Using the Services
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to the Terms and all applicable laws and regulations. You may not:

* use the Services, without our express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose, including, but not limited to:
   * renting, leasing, lending, selling, sublicensing, the Services (or any part thereof), or otherwise making available to any third party, or including the Services in a service bureau, time-sharing, or outsourcing offering; or
   * using the Service to communicate or facilitate any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming;
* make unauthorized copies, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create any derivative works of the Services or any content included therein, including any files, tables or documentation (or any portion thereof) or determine or attempt to determine any source code, algorithms, methods or techniques embodied by the Services or any derivative works thereof;
* circumvent or modify, attempt to circumvent or modify, or encourage or assist any other person in circumventing or modifying any security technology or software that is part of our Services;
* conduct activity that involves the use of viruses, trojans, logic bombs, bots, worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of or access to a computer or a computer network, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful (“**Harmful Code**”);
* modify, copy, distribute, download, scrape, crawl or transmit in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, any content from the Services;
* implement any automated use of the Services, such as, but not limited to, using scripts to send messages or posts;
* interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Services or the networks or services connected to the Services;
* use the Services in a manner inconsistent with any applicable law or the purpose of the Services;
* access the Services for competitive purposes, including without limitation, the development of the same or a substantially similar product that competes with the Services;
* intimidate or harass another, or promote sexually explicit material, violence or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
* use the Services to create, upload, post, communicate, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise contribute or make available in any way:
   * files that contain Harmful Code;
   * any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other prohibited form of solicitation;
   * any private information of any third party, including addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, numbers and features in the personal identity document (e.g., National Insurance numbers, passport numbers) or credit card numbers;
   * any material that does or may infringe any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or privacy rights of any other person;
   * any material that is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, pornographic, hateful or inflammatory;
   * any material that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, dangerous activities or self-harm;
   * any material that is deliberately designed to provoke or antagonise people, especially trolling and bullying, or is intended to harass, harm, hurt, scare, distress, embarrass or upset people;
   * any material that is racist or discriminatory, including discrimination on the basis of someone’s race, religion, age, gender, disability or sexuality;
   * any answers, responses, comments, opinions, analysis or recommendations that you are not properly licensed or otherwise qualified to provide;
   * any material that is objectionable on the grounds of public interest, public morality, public order, public security, national harmony, or is otherwise prohibited by applicable laws; or
   * material that, in the sole judgment of BytePlus, is objectionable, that restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Services, or that may expose BytePlus, the Services or its users to any harm or liability of any type.

#### Your Account
You may need to create an account to use all or part of the Services. When you create this account, you must provide us with true, complete, accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your account details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete. You are responsible for safeguarding your account and keeping your account password confidential. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above. You agree that any activity that occurs under your account is attributable to you and you are solely responsible (to us and to others) for any activity that occurs under or through the use of your account. We shall not be liable to you for any harm or loss arising from or relating to the theft of your account, or the use of your account by another person or entity.
We reserve the right to disable your user account and/or use of the Services at any time, without liability to you, including if you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of the Terms, or if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or might cause damage to or impair the Services or infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations. You further acknowledge and agree that we may terminate your access to the Services at any time for any or no reason without liability to you.
#### Your Right to Use the Services
We give you a personal, revocable, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the Services for your personal, non-commercial use only. This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to trial the features or performance of the Services in the manner permitted by these Terms. Owing to such a purpose, fully-completed functions or user experience may not be available in the Services. For instance, your use of the Services may be invalidated or disconnected at certain intervals set by us. You hereby irrevocably agree not to directly or indirectly bring, assert, join in, or otherwise participate in any claim or complaint based on or in connection with, in whole or in part, the use and exploitation of the Services.
You do not acquire any rights, title or interest in or to the Services and the BytePlus Content, other than a right to use them in accordance with the limited license granted hereunder and subject to all terms, conditions, and restrictions, under these Terms. Our Services and the BytePlus Content are not sold or transferred to you, and we and our licensors shall retain ownership over all the Services and BytePlus Content. Please contact us for further information if you are interested in our Services.
#### Modification of the Services
The Services (including any part thereof) may be changed, updated or removed from time to time at our sole discretion. Any description of the Services provided by us is not a representation that the Services are working or will always work or be available in that manner.
### User Content
You may be permitted to create, upload, post, store, communicate, transmit, distribute or otherwise contribute or make available ("**Contribute**") content through the Services including, without limitation, any text, photographs, videos, sound recordings and the musical works embodied therein, and videos ("**User Content**").
Whenever you access or use a feature that allows you to transmit User Content through the Services, or to make contact with other users of the Services, you are responsible for all User Content you Contribute and promise that, (i) you comply with the standards set out at “[Using the Services](https://bytedance.feishu.cn/docx/GMvydUC07otfdbxEglYc6lHwnxg#doxcnO6j1WOvpkmYMaZB0XhGLxg)” above, (ii) you own such User Content or have the right to Contribute such User Content, and (iii) any User Content you Contribute will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You further warrant that any such User Content you Contribute shall comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and shall indemnify us for any breach of this representation and warranty. IF ANYONE BRINGS A CLAIM AGAINST US IN CONNECTION WITH USER CONTENT THAT YOU CONTRIBUTE, TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD US HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND EXPENSES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND COSTS) ARISING OUT OF SUCH CLAIM.
You further understand that you may be exposed to User Content contributed by other users of our Services (“Third Party User Content”) that may be harmful, offensive, deceptive, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate. The person who contributes such User Content shall take sole responsibility. We do not monitor all the User Content in the Services and cannot be responsible for such content. You shall not hold us liable for any damage, liabilities, losses (including any loss of data or profits), or any other consequences that you may incur arising out of or in relation to your access to any Third Party User Content, and shall release us from any disputes that you may have with any third party in relation to your access and use of such Third Party User Content.
#### Your License
You or the owner of your User Content retain the copyright in User Content sent to us, but by submitting User Content via the Services, you hereby grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-terminable, fully transferable and sublicensable, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, reproduce, perform, display, transmit, or distribute, and/or to authorise other users of the Services and other third parties to view, access, use, download, modify, reproduce, perform, display, and/or transmit your User Content, in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented.
You further grant us a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content.
You acknowledge that any suggestion, comment or idea provided by you to us in relation to the Services ("**Feedback**") is not confidential and you hereby assign all rights, title, and interests, including all copyright, patent, and other intellectual property rights, in and to such Feedback to us and authorise us to use that Feedback without restriction and without payment or attribution. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not create or imply any obligation on our part to implement such Feedback.
### Reporting Content and Infringement
You acknowledge and agree that BytePlus does not undertake responsibility or liability in respect of infringing or inappropriate User Content appearing on the Services. If you believe that your work has been used or copied in a way that constitutes infringement and such infringement is occurring on the Services, or if any User Content does not comply with the standards set out at “[Using the Services](https://bytedance.feishu.cn/docx/GMvydUC07otfdbxEglYc6lHwnxg#doxcnO6j1WOvpkmYMaZB0XhGLxg)”, you can notify us in writing in the form containing the information prescribed by the Copyright Act 2021 of Singapore or other applicable laws via contact@byteplus.com with the appropriate information and materials. Your contact information is for inquiries regarding potential infringement only.
If we are requested or directed to stop any Services or take down any User Content by any court, governmental or regulatory authority, or if we are notified or otherwise become aware and determine in our sole discretion that any User Content or any portion thereof: (i) would be in violation of, or cause you to be in breach of these Terms, or (ii) would reasonably be expected to create liability for BytePlus, we shall have the right to, at our sole discretion and without prejudice to any other right or remedy we may have under these Terms, stop or temporarily suspend your access to the Services, or permanently remove such User Content, without liability to you. You shall immediately upon notice from us, take down or cease displaying such User Content.
### Disclaimers of Warranties
NOTHING IN THE TERMS SHALL AFFECT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT YOU CANNOT CONTRACTUALLY AGREE TO ALTER OR WAIVE AND ARE LEGALLY ALWAYS ENTITLED TO AS A CONSUMER.
WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO THE FOREGOING, THE SERVICES AND BYTEPLUS CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITH ALL FAULTS AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO THEM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES AND THE BYTEPLUS CONTENT. IN PARTICULAR WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT: (i) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES OR THE BYTEPLUS CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR; (iii) ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES OR FROM THE BYTEPLUS CONTENT WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (iv) THE SERVICES AND OR THE BYTEPLUS CONTENT WILL BE FREE FROM HARMFUL CODES; AND (v) DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES OR OTHER TERMS (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED TERMS AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR CONFORMANCE WITH DESCRIPTION) APPLY TO THE SERVICES OR THE BYTEPLUS CONTENT EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THEY ARE EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THE TERMS. WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, WITHDRAW OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR ANY PART OF OUR SERVICES FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
### Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, OUR OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS ( THE "BYTEPLUS PARTIES"), BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR: (i) ANY LOSS OF EARNINGS, REVENUE, PROFITS, SALES, CONTRACTS, BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS; (ii) ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR LOSS OF REPUTATION; (iii) ANY LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA; OR (iv) ANY INDIRECT, ECONOMIC, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES RELATED TO: (i) THE SERVICES; (ii) THE BYTEPLUS CONTENT; (iii) USER CONTENT; (iv) YOUR USE OF, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE PERFORMANCE OF, THE SERVICES; (v) ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH AN INVESTIGATION BY US OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES REGARDING YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES; (vi) ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH COPYRIGHT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERS; (vii) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE SERVICES' TECHNICAL OPERATION; OR (viii) ANY EVENTS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL, SUCH AS DAMAGE TO ANY USER'S COMPUTER, MOBILE DEVICE, OR OTHER EQUIPMENT OR TECHNOLOGY INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGE FROM ANY SECURITY BREACH OR FROM ANY HARMFUL CODE, TAMPERING, FRAUD, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER LINE OR NETWORK FAILURE OR ANY OTHER TECHNICAL OR OTHER MALFUNCTION, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE OR EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITATION TO THE FOREGOING, OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY BREACH OF THESE TERMS IS Fifty U.S. DOLLARS (USD $50) IN THE AGGREGATE. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND DO NOT LIMIT EITHER PARTY’S RIGHT TO SEEK AND OBTAIN EQUITABLE RELIEF.
### Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the BytePlus Parties from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, damages, losses, penalties, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees and expenses, arising out of a breach of the Terms by you or any user of your account or arising out of a breach of your obligations, representations and warranties under the Terms.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that the Disclaimers of Warranties in Clause 7, Limitations of Liability in Clause 8 and Indemnity in this Clause 9 and in the other provisions of these Terms and the allocation of risk therein are essential elements of the bargain in BytePlus’ provision of the Services, without which BytePlus would not have provided the Services.
### Privacy Policy
Please refer to our [Privacy Policy](https://docs.byteplus.com/legal/docs/privacy-policy) for information on how we collect, process and disclose your information (including personal data). You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to our [Privacy Policy](https://docs.byteplus.com/legal/docs/privacy-policy). By accessing or using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that you have read, understood and accepted the terms of our [Privacy Policy](https://docs.byteplus.com/legal/docs/privacy-policy), and consent to our collection, processing and disclosure of your information (including personal data) in accordance with our [Privacy Policy](https://docs.byteplus.com/legal/docs/privacy-policy).
### Other Terms
**11.1 Governing Law and Dispute Resolution.** The laws of Singapore, without regard to or application of its conflict of laws provisions, will govern these Terms and any claim, cause of action, or dispute arising out of or relating to the Services. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Terms, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“**SIAC**”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“**SIAC Rules**”) for the time being in force, which SIAC Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of one arbitrator. The language of the arbitration shall be English.
**11.2 Entire Agreement.** The Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between you and BytePlus and govern your use of the Services and completely replace any prior agreements between you and BytePlus in relation to the Services.
**11.3 Severability.** If any court of law or tribunal, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of the Terms is invalid, then that provision shall be severed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms, and the remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
**11.4 Assignment.** We may assign or delegate the Terms, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent. You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under the Terms without our prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment or delegation by you is ineffective.
**11.5 No Waiver**. Our failure to enforce any provisions of these Terms or respond to a violation by any party does not waive our right to subsequently enforce any terms or conditions of the Terms or respond to any violations. Nothing contained in these Terms is in derogation of our right to comply with governmental, court, and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Services or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use.
**11.6 Rights of Third Parties**. Any person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no right whatsoever under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce these Terms.
**11.7 Open Source.** The Services contain certain open source software as further described in the following links: [iOS](https://docs.byteplus.com/en/byteplus-vos/docs/notices-ios?version=v1.0); [Android](https://docs.byteplus.com/en/byteplus-vos/docs/notices-android?version=v1.0). Each item of open source software is subject to its own applicable license terms.
**11.8 Export Compliance.** You represent and warrant that (i) neither you, nor, if you are a business, any affiliated company, is included on any restricted party list maintained by the United States, European Union, United Kingdom or other relevant government authority – for example, the US Specially Designated Nationals List, Foreign Sanctions Evaders List, Denied Parties List, Unverified List and Entity List, and the UK and EU consolidated lists of persons and entities subject to financial sanctions targets; (ii) You (if you are a business) are not owned or controlled by such a restricted party; and (iii) You are not resident in, located in or organised under the laws of any country with which trade is prohibited by the sanctions described above. We may be subject to import and export laws and regulations. You must comply with all applicable import and export laws, customs laws, regulations that apply in connection with the Services, including restrictions on destinations, users and end use.
**11.9 Security.** We do not guarantee that our Services will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programs and platform to access our Services. You should use your own virus protection software.
### Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Services, please contact us via the email: contact@byteplus.com.

